but what's up everybody zboard 365 here
from Madame moments com here to talk
about my Saints defensive eguide this is
the goal line defense section we're
going to go over a few things and
concepts to to help you cover people
down on the goal line share with you my
thoughts on what I think works best and
why and we'll show you a couple of
different setups that you can run man
and zone down here to try and stop your
opponent so guys what i mean by that is
i'm all about zone on all parts of the
field except here because i came across
this while i was practicing goal line
passing plays that that really worked
well that you know you can stop I
noticed that man coverage was kind of
like the bane of almost everything that
she threw it but I'm noticing here as
well that it's not always the correct
answer it really depends on what your
opponent runs so what I want you to what
I want you to think about is your
opponent probably will get down here
it's important that you score over 20
points it's also important that when
they get down here that you pay very
close attention to the things they do
all plays are they I mean besides
running I mean what are they doing the
past down here because if they're able
to pass the ball and complete it for
touchdown on you all you have to do is
remember the things they do because
there's only so many goal line place so
many things they can do to run down here
it all depends on what they're trying to
do to you as well not a bad thing to do
is to run a cover one or cover zero
blitz so for example if you call / storm
brave but you also want to match up with
your opponent's doing so let's say for
example they if they come out in I
formation you're probably going to want
to call you know a 3 4 player if they
come out and through our receivers you
call all that play but not too much
don't stress it too much guys just don't
try and call like a defense where they
could just run HP dive and get it on you
so let's go for example Hawks doubles
I'm something going to call and over
storm brave and what I'm going to do is
set up the place for the way so I'm
going to do
you'll see with different formation this
one's actually worked out pretty well as
i like to do triangle man online and it
kind of makes sure and then I press and
it kind of just puts people near
everybody so in this case I'd probably
just user this guy and watch out for a
run play the next thing you want to do
is press L to what I like to do is hold
l2 so you're able to hold onto it and
then press X for option QB case is an
option will go over option defense later
though and what I like about this is we
run through a few random plays it's
really hard to pass on man there's only
a few things that work down here and man
usually stops a lot of the stuff that
zone would let you catch a touchdown for
guys when running man or zone you just
want to be smart about what your plate
call for example if they come out in an
i formation whatever it is if you want
to man up with them it's important that
you call in my opinion a defense that
will man upload and so you call 34 as
opposed to a quarter man defense will
let them walk right through the middle
so i'll show you what i mean here let's
go 34 let's go cover to man all you can
do with man is just cover whoever is
breaking open so all you're looking for
is drags and stuff out the back field so
i call display Texas because this is
what you'd be looking for and let me
show you guys what you're going to be
going up against so for example say they
put Percy Harvin on a drag what you want
to do is just look out for the run and
four running backs out the back field or
maybe some tight NBS anything short over
the middle and you want to be there for
that so I noticed Percy Harvin's on that
drag i'm going to make sure and try and
hop in front as fast as possible and try
and hold triangle so that way i get i
can have a chance to get a pic instead
of them getting a touchdown if you want
to call a blitz i recommend you call a
really heavy all-out blitz so i might do
something like one of my favorites is
sting pinch so let's say if i want to
run that do it like that
let's say for some reason they come out
spread so you guys another chick right
now say they come on spread well that's
cool like you're gonna call this blitz
and then it's probably going to get
through a must a block i recommend also
pass committing the next thing you want
to do is man online so just press
triangle or why on xbox and then press
the RB or r 1 button to man a line and
what's going to have moles should happen
is that if there's Kenny Vacarro zon
somebody he's supposed to go out and
take them use that trick in the past
commit but you notice that even though
Kenny Vaccaro's man aligned on harvin
he's not going to press him so what I
would do is just bring them closer bring
them right on top of him so if he does
run a route that does get press so for
example this is its auto book to a quick
pass let's say he runs an out route at
least he's going to get pressed and your
Europe you'll have a chance to sack them
before he gets freed as if you're going
to run zone from here it's not a bad
idea to call cover 3 or cover for and
I'll show you guys a little bit of Max
coverage tips here I like the um I'll
start with you know I start recovered
three first and I'll explain why i like
cover for as well so cover three sky
let's go random play what i like to do
is just baseline and press sometimes I
don't man coming out here and you notice
the cover three as a natural stack and
what I like to do is I like to actually
put my outside of receivers and flats I
don't like to go cover too though
because I feel like at least naked put
these guys in flats put bird the middle
guy in a yellow and if you have if you
have time just quickly put your flat
guys in purple zones another thing I
will suggest you to do is pick one of
these guys here I recommend a three-man
pass rush put them in the yellow zone as
well but you see how we've all these
jumbled yellow zones to spread them out
on this max coverage just press triangle
or Y and then hit r1r be I know it's man
online but look what it does it spreads
all the zones out they spread out nice
and even the only reason I tell you to
to do that one so that they help play
run defense but you want to look out for
fades because on the outside you want
your outside of our receivers to get
pressed in manners own because if
they're not pressed it's actually pretty
easy to catch a fade now I'm not saying
everything's going to be perfect that
play worked out that way there's
different adjustments you can
to let's say if you just call cover 3
put your outside guys in purple zones
it's all going to be different guys that
you like I said an early in video you
need to pay attention to what your
opponent's doing and then you're going
to be able to do that I got nice for
yellow zones that's what you want to
want to see you come this just puts
people everywhere what you're going to
have to do is you're going to left to
look out for like that you're
gonna have to cover hitches you don't
have to cover running back so you have
to cover short crossing drags as well
that's just going to be the reality of
it
guys that's max occur
difference for those of you want to get
aggressive down here I just go with that
buck slam three and then we'll just make
some basic adjustments here what I'm
going to do is baseline and show blitz
then I'm going to pass commit I'm going
to put the outside receivers on either
purples or flat zones i recommend flats
to be honest with you and then we're
going to yellow up all our zones and
then you I want you to pick the one
whichever one you're most comfortable
with right now be Vacarro because I want
him I would want bird to try and come
out here and do his own thing and then
again do that l to trick I told you so
press L to choose option QB in case they
want to run the option just a run play
you can see how we fare hear that so
again that's the purpose if somebody's
passing you might want to what I want to
call that because again it the pressure
might still get in here we go again
spaced lines show blitz past commit and
even set it up like this again just like
I told you the other videos boom let's
see what happens say for example
that's why I like those outside guys in
the flats because they would have came
down stop that